Read all instructions before using the appliance and keep for future reference.
Do not operate the oven when empty.
WARNING - Liquid or other food must not be heated in sealed containers since they are liable to explode.
Microwave heating of beverage can result in delayed eruptive boiling, therefore care has to be taken when handle the container.
Do not fry food in the oven. Hot oil can damage oven parts and utensils and evenresult in skin burns.
Eggs in their shells and whole hard-boiled eggs should not be heated in microwaveovens since they may explode even after microwave heating has ended.
Pierce foods with heavy skins such as potatoes, whole squashes, apples and chestnuts before cooking.
The contents of feeding bottles and baby jars should be stirred or shaken and the temperature should be checked before serving in order to avoid burns.
Cooking utensils may become hot because of heat transferred from the heated food. Potholders may be needed to handle the utensils.
Utensils should be checked to ensure that they are suitable for use in microwave oven.
Children should be supervised to ensure that they do not play with the appliance.
The microwave oven is only used in freestanding.
WARNING - Do not install oven over a range cooktop or other heat-producing appliance. If installed, it could be damaged and the warranty would be void.
The microwave oven shall not be placed in a cabinet.
The door or the outer surface may get hot when the appliance is operating.
WARNING - Accessible parts may become hot during use. Young children should be kept away.
During use the appliances becomes hot. Care should be taken to avoid touching heating elements inside the oven, for cooking ranged and ovens.
The temperature of accessible surfaces may be high when the appliance is operating.
WARNING - If the door or door seals are damaged, the oven must not be operated until it has been repaired by a competent person.
The appliances are not intended to be operated by means of an external timer or separate remote-control system.
The microwave oven is for household use only and not for commercial use.
Never remove the distance holder in the back or on the sides, as it ensures a minimum distance from the wall for air circulation.
Please secure the turntable before you move the appliance to avoid damages.
The microwave oven is intended for defrosting, cooking and steaming of food only.
Use gloves if you remove any heated food.
Caution - Steam will escape, when opening lids or wrapping foil.
If smoke is emitted, switch off or unplug the appliance and keep the door closed in order to stifle any flames.
